MS Teams Integration (#3467)
owncloud/docs: modules/admin_manual/pages/configuration/user/oidc/kopano-setup.adoc

= Example Setup Using Kopano Konnect
:toc: right
:toclevels: 2
:openid-connect-frontchannel-logout-url: https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-frontchannel-1_0.html
:konnect: https://github.com/Kopano-dev/konnect
:konnect-docs: https://github.com/Kopano-dev/konnect#running-konnect
:konnect-webserver: https://documentation.kopano.io/kopanocore_administrator_manual/configure_kc_components.html#configure-a-webserver-for-konnect

== Introduction

> Kopano Konnect is an OpenID provider (IdP) that directly integrates a Web login and consent form. It brings support for both OpenID Connect (OIDC) and Open Authentication (OAuth 2.0). In addition to the easier integration with third-party applications, Kopano Konnect will also provide the authentication part for the Kopano RestAPI and clients consuming it.

Reviewer: Please make sure to use 'OpenID Connect' and not 'OpenID'
These are two totally different things

Author: Thanks, will do asap

Author: fixed

==== List of OpenID Connect config.php Parameters

Follow this link to read more about the
xref:configuration/server/config_apps_sample_php_parameters.adoc#app-openid-connect-oidc[OIDC config.php parameters] available to configure OpenID Connect on ownCloud Server.

==== Example config.php

An example snippet that can be added to `config.php` is shown below.

[source,php]
----
'openid-connect' => [
    'provider-url' => 'https://idp.example.com',
    'client-id' => '<owncloud-server-client-id>',
    'client-secret' => '<owncloud-server-client-secret>',
    'loginButtonName' => 'Kopano',
    'autoRedirectOnLoginPage' => false,
      // change this to 'email' if necessary (see identity provider configuration)
    'mode' => 'userid',
      // change this to suit your environment (see identity provider configuration)
    'search-attribute' => 'preferred_username'
],
----

=== Register ownCloud Clients

> To allow the ownCloud clients (Web/desktop/Android/iOS) to interact with the identity provider, you have to register them as clients. In the case of Kopano Konnect, you can do this using Konnect's `identifier-registration.yaml`. Below you find the default values for the regular ownCloud clients. Other environments might require a different set of values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To allow the ownCloud clients (Web/desktop/Android/iOS) to interact with the identity provider, you have to register them as clients. In the case of Kopano Konnect, you can do this using Konnect's `identifier-registration.yaml`. The default values for the regular ownCloud clients are shown below. Other environments might require a different set of values.
```
